Download Link: https://assignmentchef.com/product/solved-solvedfuture-value-calculator-and-monthly-balance-calculator
<br>
1. Open and test the applicationA. Add the code for the option buttonsModify the the JavaScript code so it provides for the option buttons. When the user click the Yearly Interst button, the application should compound the interest yearly, when the user clicks the Monthly Interest button, the application should compound the interest monthlyB. Add the code to the check box and text area– Modify the JavaScript code so it displays a message in the text area when the check box is checked. If , for example, the user selects a value of $5000, the message in the text area should look like this:Future Value of $5000When compounded monthly: 5415.00When compounded yearly: 5400.00C. Use the prompt method to get other investment amounts– Modify the JavaScript code so it uses the prompt method to get the investment amount when the user selects “other value” from the drop-down lists. (Remember that the parseFloat method returns NaN if the parameter isn’t a valid numeric value.)D. Add two event handlers– Add an event handler that clears the years text box when the user double-clicks on it.– Add an event handler for the onchange event of the investment control. This event handler should call the calculate_click event handler, but only if the years text box contains a valid number2. Monthly Balance CalculatorUser interfaceInterface.JPGOperation• This application allows the user to enter deposits and withdrawals for a bank account, and it calculates and displays the deposits and withdrawals with a running balance as well as the starting balance, total deposits, total withdrawals, and ending balance.Specifications• Store the transactions in an array of arrays.• Use functions to organize the code for this application.• Assume that the account will have a starting balance of 2000.• Assume that the user will enter valid data